Updated docs for new additions in HTTP Chaos (#3755)
litmuschaos/litmus: mkdocs/docs/experiments/categories/pods/pod-http-status-code.md

      <tr>
        <td> TARGET_SERVICE_PORT </td>
        <td> Port of the service to target</td>

>         <td>This should be the port where the application runs at the pod level, not at the service level. Defaults to port 80 </td>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        <td>This should be the port on which the application container runs at the pod level, not at the service level. Defaults to port 80 </td>
```
